so we've gone into the details of what
your treatment protocol would look like
with the diet or the fasting and the the
pulsing of the drug the dawn
I'm curious now how long obviously it's
going to depend on the type of cancer
and and how invasive it is and how long
it's been there and a lot of different
factors
but if somebody is trying a protocol
like this
how long typically do they need to do
something like this to get to a point
when they can
you know
go to a diet and lifestyle to manage the
cancer at that point versus all these
other things yeah no it's hard it's a
good question I I don't know
um
well I mean what are your choices
I mean what are your choices uh
well pump someone could say listen I
don't want to do that I don't want to do
that for the rest of my life and the
answer is you might not have to do that
but we can't be 100 sure uh about that
let me give you let me give you an
example from a couple of one case
published Pablo Kelly and the other case
uh from an individual that that I know
um uh from Norway and uh he's he did a
big film on this and it's all in no
region
um Terry Jay from Norway and he we have
two examples of what the question
exactly to address address your question
Pablo
um took no radiation no chemo no
steroids uh
his tumor continued to grow for three
years slowly slowly though he was in a
carnivore kind of Keto uh mostly meats
and stuff and eventually it grew to the
point where he had to have it debunked
cut out because we all looked and said
it's not it's not be this diet alone
without drug is not causing your tumor
to regress completely so he had it to
both first they said it was a
non-operable tumor it was inoperable so
you wouldn't be able to get it all out
then after three years of ketogenic
metabolic therapy they looked out of the
CAT scan MRI and says oh this thing
might be uh the bolt more completely
than it was three years earlier so he
said okay so he gets the tumor out and
they the neurosurgeon the surgeon said
we think we got most of it oh okay so
Pablo
thinks he's out of the woods
um goes back not to uh the same kind of
he was keeping his glucose Ketone index
pretty good around 2.0 or below after
the debulking surgery they said oh he
looks like we got a lot of the tumor out
so he started to transition back to a
more carbohydrate kind of diet and then
the next MRI about
um I don't know six or eight months
later showed growth
um of the tumor so put the fear of God
in him and he went right back onto a
more restricted diet and you could see
the damn tumor the image is going down
now after another three years the tumor
was continued to grow and grow very
slowly and debunked so we said two
debulking surgeries
um he's out over eight years of survival
he's gotten married has two children he
would have not had any of that had he
had he done the standard of care up
front so the question is will he have to
use the rest of his life and he so far
he hasn't taken Don or uh and bendazole
or some of the other drugs that we know
can work on this he's very comfortable
the way he's doing the other the other
fellow from had melanoma from Norway and
he could actually see the lesions on his
leg get bigger the more the more carbs
he took in and when he stopped the carbs
that he could actually see the lesions
going down I mean it was like he had the
pictures of going up and going down it's
unbelievable so he said listen if I want
that tumor out of my body I got to stop
taking these carbohy hydrates so he
switched over his diet two meats and all
kinds of things but very very low in
carbohydrates and he's he he's fine I
mean he's been out years now and um he
he knows that this may come back but he
just prefers to change his diet and
lifestyle so it doesn't come back and
that's the individual choice that people
are going to have to make does that mean
you have to drop out of society just so
you don't have your tumor grow no it
doesn't I mean he's perfectly
interactive with all kinds of people and
conventions and and lectures and all
kinds of stuff so but I think you really
probably have to really restrict uh the
kinds of foods that make your blood
sugar go up
um I think that's the safest way but
you're rolling the dice and and I have
no idea whether someone who has managed
their cancer for several years without a
recurrence they really feel good about
their life their health and then all of
a sudden they they want to go back and
enter into a diet that has a lot of
carbs in it most of the time and I don't
know uh what we can say about we haven't
had enough uh examples and Publications
to show let's take two groups of people
one's metabolically managed doing really
really well another group that was met
about public managed really really well
let's keep these guys on their same diet
lifestyle and let's let these guys
return to the way they were before they
had cancer and then compare and contrast
the two groups who's going to do a try
like that
you know think about it
you talked about the drug when you were
talking about Pablo's case I wasn't sure
if he had any of the drug did he have
any done early on in his treatment no
okay in in the second case any Dawn in
there at all no no so
um we only know Don works really well
because we have pre-clinical studies to
show that it does and it works a hell of
a lot better on the metastatic kind of
cell than it does on the stem cells not
to say that it doesn't work on cancer
stem cells but you know we're building
these cocktails all the time diet drug
cocktails and as I said the two fuels
are glucose and glutamine so the diet
drug cocktail is designed to keep the
rest of the cells healthy while you
strategize on how to shut down glucose
and glutamine so some tumors are more
glucose dependent than glutamine
dependent and some tumors appear to be
more glutamine dependent than glucose
dependent but that doesn't mean they use
they're restricted to one fuel versus
the other it's just that their
proportionality of using the two fuels
can differ so our view point is what's
the best therapy that will eliminate
those two fuels simultaneously uh and
then and then if we find out there's
still some level of gross because don't
forget as I said there's many steps in
that glutamanolysis pathway that could
be targeted uh with some drugs and we're
still learning about that so I mean
believe me this is not a done deal we've
just opened the door into a a world of
new approaches for managing cancer and
the future we'll be able to build much
better diet drug cocktails to take care
of all of these outlier cells and all
these kinds of things we're just telling
you that the the the framework uh by
which the strategy will eventually be
built on this press pulse concept uh but
the Physicians clinics Guys these eyes
going to be the ones perfecting all this
stuff when they see the outcome and
they're treated patients so it's like
anything you're going to learn the doses
timing and scheduling for various types
of people their body weights sex their
age all these kinds of things must be
brought into consideration how many
other
diseases do they have besides cancer and
this is another thing we've seen
patients come into the clinic they have
parasite infections their blood work
looks like hell I mean they're all off
the metabolic in many different type 2
diabetes high blood pressure
hypertension they have all kinds of
things all that stuff has to be brought
back into a semi-normal state and then
you strategically use low doses of drugs
to Target and kill the tumor cells while
not putting the patient at a metabolic
balance so again you really have to be
the Artesian of the understanding of the
human body and how it works uh and how
best you can fit that patient with the
with the with the therapy so when it
comes to published research and it comes
to drugs like Dawn and Other Drugs in
that family
is that only been looking at animal
models to this point
well
um they know there are clinical trials
on some of these drugs that are going on
right now the problem with these trials
is no one is combining the drug with the
metabolic therapy so they want to see if
a glutamine part yes glutamine targeting
drug has been used in the past was it a
blockbuster no it was not a blockbuster
does it become more powerful when you
put it with a ketogenic absolutely so
but they don't want to do that
because they want to get the uh that you
they're looking for uh don't forget the
Food and Drug Administration says if you
can your patients can live an extra two
months will will give your approval uh
on that drug I mean we don't want extra
two months we want years of so but they
will not do the trial with the ketogenic
diet because I was told by several drunk
guys we won't know if it's a ketogenic
diet or the drug that's making the
difference we got to know I said what
about the patient ah it's got to be it's
not the patient it's the revenue
generation from the drug they make so
again what's your what's your strategy
here is it keep it how long can you keep
your patient alive or is it is it how
are you going to be able to make this
drug a blockbuster none of these drugs
are ever going to be Blockbusters I can
tell you that right now the only way
you're going to get real powerful
therapeutic benefit is you got to know
how to use that drug with the
appropriate diet to get the full power
of what you're doing and so far nobody
wants to do that
if you enjoyed that clip press here for
the full episode I'll see you over there
what I'm talking to you about almost
nobody in the field knows anything that
I'm saying here and how do I know that
because they're not using these
techniques and there's in their clinics
if they if they understood what I'm
saying they would be transitioning over
to this immediately